Heather small see you next week bye-bye
it's gonna take a miracle something like
America way too busy looking at others
and not at our circles we're always
making excuses blaming somebody else
from the outside looking in words guess
it's easy to tell the crapper hair so
hard to say and men were wrong how can
we save this big for it's gone
what can we do can we make it in time
it's gonna take something close to a
miracle to make it right we all pay the
price here if we say that we're truthful
why do we live with the lies it could
all be so beautiful like a ray of
sunshine from the inside looking forward
with a holder from view not a fan to
lose so to say and men were wrong how
can we save this bill for it's gone
what can we do can we make it in time is
gonna take something close to a miracle
to make it right yeah what can we do
just to get through this nah it's gonna
take something close to a miracle to be
all right we all pay the price you will
pay the price yet we just keep on
believing so hard to say and MIT we're
wrong how gonna save this little bit for
it wha wha what can we do can we make it
and taha it's gonna take something close
to a miracle to make it right said it's
gonna take a miracle to get something
last tryna make it